This program is designed to compile and create a common question database and to perform assigned tasks (see task). 
The program's data is recorded in selected text files, such as "SA1.txt" and "SA2.txt". The first line of the file contains the name of the student council. 
This is followed by data about the questions posed by the student council, including the topic, difficulty, author of the question, question text,
correct answer number, question rating, number of words in the question, number of possible answer options, file name, and file size.

The program is controlled through a graphical user interface. The program does not work until the "Input" button (located in the "File" menu) is
clicked and two data files are selected, as well as the "Print" button (also located in the "File" menu) to select the results file in which the results
data will be printed. After these actions have been completed, you can choose from the following actions, which perform calculations. 
These options are located in the "Actions" menu and in the lower part of the program, if specific parameters need to be entered to execute the query.

In the "Actions" menu, you can find:

"Find author with most questions": This button finds the person who created the most musical questions in each student council. The answer is printed in the text field.
"Sort by themes and grades": This button allows you to sort the list of questions compiled according to the specified difficulty,
including test and music questions whose answer number is entered on the keyboard.
The lower part of the program is divided into two parts, each of which performs different actions:

The left part allows you to compile a list of test questions for each student council by entering the desired theme (entered in the text 
field labeled "Enter desired theme") and the desired number of answer options (entered in the text field labeled "Enter a digit for desired 
amount of answer options") and clicking the "Form each association list" button.
The right part allows you to compile a list of questions of a specified difficulty level (entered as an integer in the text field labeled 
"Enter a desired question difficulty"), including test and music questions whose answer number is N (entered as an integer in the text 
field labeled "Enter a desired question answer number"). After clicking the "Do" button, a list is compiled and full information is provided.
To close the program, click the "End" button located in the "File" menu.
To see the task text for which the program was created, click the "Task" button in the "Help" menu.
To view the program's user guide, click the "Instructions for user" button in the "Help" menu.